update Readme to obtain coretime on Paseo (#8451)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: templates/parachain/README.md

support it at this moment. It can still be used to test a runtime in a full setup where it is started alongside a
relay chain network (see [Parachain Template node](#parachain-template-node) setup).

> #### Deploy to Paseo TestNet & See Your First Block

Reviewer: Should we have 2 `#` instead of 4, and 3 for the rest of sub steps? This one feels like a header title.

3. Click on + Register and provide:
   1. Your reserved ParaID
   2. The compiled .wasm runtime file
   3. The genesis state file

4. Submit the transaction to register your parachain.

### Obtain PAS Tokens

Visit the [Polkadot Faucet](https://faucet.polkadot.network/) and request PAS tokens for your account. Ensure you're connected to the Paseo network on [Polkadot.js Apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer).

### Acquire Coretime

To enable your parachain to produce and finalize blocks, you need to obtain coretime.

1. In Polkadot.js Apps, go to Developer > Extrinsics.

2. Select your account and choose the onDemand.placeOrderAllowDeath extrinsic.

3. Provide the following parameters:
   
   1. paraId: Your reserved ParaID
   2. maxAmount: An appropriate amount of PAS tokens (e.g., 1000000000000)

4. Submit the extrinsic.

Upon success, your parachain will start producing blocks.

### Generate Customs Keys for Collator Node

1. To perform this step, you can use subkey, a command-line tool for generating and managing keys:
```
docker run -it parity/subkey:latest generate --scheme sr25519

> 

Author: Yes, it is more or less that is in https://docs.polkadot.com/tutorials/polkadot-sdk/parachains/zero-to-hero/deploy-to-testnet/ however, this is a little more summarised, and adds up to this entire readme altogether, so that once somebody has created a parachain, they can get that dopamine to see its result to completion

```

### Build the Chain Specification
Generate the plain chain specification:
```
chain-spec-builder \
  --chain-spec-path ./plain_chain_spec.json \
  create \
  --relay-chain paseo \
  --para-id <YOUR_PARA_ID> \
  --runtime target/release/wbuild/parachain-template-runtime/parachain_template_runtime.compact.compressed.wasm \
  named-preset local_testnet 
```
Edit plain_chain_spec.json to update fields like name, id, protocolId, para_id, and parachainInfo.parachainId with your ParaID. Also, configure balances, collatorSelection.invulnerables, session.keys, and sudo fields accordingly.
Then, generate the raw chain specification:

``` 
chain-spec-builder \
  --chain-spec-path ./raw_chain_spec.json \
  build \
  --chain plain_chain_spec.json
```

### Start the Collator Node

> 1. Before starting a collator, you need to generate a node key. This key is responsible for communicating with other nodes over Libp2p:

Reviewer: nit (libp2p should be replaced in some places with litep2p, including on paseo)
```suggestion
1. Before starting a collator, you need to generate a node key. This key is responsible for communicating with peers as in a p2p network:
```

3. Provide the following parameters:

1. paraId: Your reserved ParaID
2. maxAmount: An appropriate amount of PAS tokens (e.g., 1000000000000)

4. Submit the extrinsic.

Upon success, your parachain will start producing blocks.

### Generate Customs Keys for Collator Node

1. To perform this step, you can use subkey, a command-line tool for generating and managing keys:
```
docker run -it parity/subkey:latest generate --scheme sr25519
```

### Build the Chain Specification
Generate the plain chain specification:
```
chain-spec-builder \
  --chain-spec-path ./plain_chain_spec.json \
  create \
  --relay-chain paseo \
  --para-id <YOUR_PARA_ID> \
  --runtime target/release/wbuild/parachain-template-runtime/parachain_template_runtime.compact.compressed.wasm \
  named-preset local_testnet 
```
Edit plain_chain_spec.json to update fields like name, id, protocolId, para_id, and parachainInfo.parachainId with your ParaID. Also, configure balances, collatorSelection.invulnerables, session.keys, and sudo fields accordingly.
Then, generate the raw chain specification:

``` 
chain-spec-builder \
  --chain-spec-path ./raw_chain_spec.json \
  build \
  --chain plain_chain_spec.json

> ```

Reviewer: lets reference `polkadot-omni-node chain-spec-builder`

Reviewer: It will be in the next release, so updating this in master would make it into it one way or another (via backport or merging it before cutoff).
